# OMG-THIS-IS-MY-CRAZY-MEGA-DREAM-IT-S-UNREAL-AND-I-MADE-IT-UP.
in general, I will immediately indicate that I am for Russia, but I have oppositional views, I think you have too)

the beginning of the dream, I'm standing near the walls of the Kremlin, huge red ones, and some kind of darkness has reigned in Russia and there are no people on the street. And in the middle of the Kremlin, the tower is huge, like in the Lord of the Rings it was with such an eye, but it is very high, ten thousand kilometers high. And bam, I'm already standing at the top and Putin is in front of me, looking at all his territories from this tower. And he says to me, "you disappointed me, Alexander, I always believed that you were on my side, and you betrayed me so meanly and sided with this.. citizen" (did not name Navalny). And then he abruptly grabs me and we fall from this tower, we fall for a very long time and fight in the air, first he hits me, then I hit him and 5 minutes later, the tower is very high, we both hit the ground and bang sharply! I woke up, just not in reality, but it turns out I'm in hell, I get up, and music is playing around and everyone is dancing so joyfully, I walk through hell and see Navalny, his wife and several other oppositionists sitting and watering. criminals and even the Glory of the CPSU, he also went to rallies and shouted his chants, and on the other hand, the one with whom I fought in the cauldron believes and suffers, and Navalny shakes my hand and says that we have finally defeated the world evil. But I'm in hell and I don't know how to get out, how sharply I feel that something is hitting me and someone's voices, and my mother's voice is pumping me out with a defibrillator. And I wake up to the alarm clock. End.
